[Music]
[Applause]
using
hi there I'm John I'm a Steadicam
operator and today we're playing with
the Steadicam pilots around the national
film television school and what we're
going to be seeing is a bit of the
Steadicam course here single the
students get up to with the bigwig
steadicams whilst I play around on this
little one
[Music]
I'm
No
[Music]
how's it feel
absolutely got battery one Oh No so kun
yeah
what is your really really fantastic yes
I love being with your you know nine one
one or two eleven
[Music]
[Applause]
so what'd you think of Bill that's heavy
let's get like flying em out and see a
stability this morning yes pretty good
the winds not getting about a bit go get
used to it
absolutely
[Music]
that's good as well as the LDA house we
have a Forester I don't have to not have
a go yeah yeah yeah my operate meant for
sure it days also because she's your
mental processes
[Music]
Hey
Oh
[Music]
the
right
I'm satisfied yeah you want
[Music]
[Applause]